[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
[♪♪♪]
[ICHIGO PANTING]
[GASPS]
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
To have fought for so long and
still be standing is admirable.
But the fact is, you
have yet to reach Bankai.
Do you wish
to continue, Ichigo?
ICHIGO:
Why do you even bother
asking such stupid questions?
I have time no time for them.
Come at me with
everything you've got.
Very well.
Let's do it, Ichigo.
[SHOUTING]
[GASPING]
No.
Please stop, Lieutenant.
Don't.
Please put away your sword.
Lieutenant Abarai,
please don't do this.
[MEN GROANING]
[WHIMPERS]
[GASPING]
Unh. Renji,
why are you doing this?
[♪♪♪]
RENJI:
Just a little farther.
Just a little while longer now.
And I'll be there,
Rukia, to save you.
I will never let
them execute you!
[QUAKING]
[GASPING]
RENJI:
This spiritual pressure. Unh.
Captain Kuchiki.
BYAKUYA:
Where are you going, Renji?
[GRUNTING]
I'm going to save Rukia.
No.
I must!
I assume that you're
refusing to let me pass.
BYAKUYA:
I don't intend to repeat myself.
[RENJI GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
[GROWLS]
Senka.
[♪♪♪]
A special flash
step with a spin,
where you move
behind your opponent,
destroying
his soul chain
and soul sleep at the same
time. Your favorite move.
I've seen it countless times.
Using simple logic,
my mind foresaw your attack.
And now my body is fast
enough to counter you, too.
Captain Kuchiki,
you can no longer destroy me
with that sword.
[♪♪♪]
You talk as if
you've already won.
[GASPS]
BYAKUYA:
What makes you so confident?
Don't tell me
that you believe that
with your level of strength,
you can break my blade.
[GASPING]
Scatter.
[GRUNTS]
RENJI:
I told you, you can't kill me
with that sword anymore.
Before I was promoted
to be your lieutenant,
long before I even joined
13 Court Guard Squads,
I was obsessed with one thing.
The one man that
I wanted to surpass.
That man is you,
Captain Kuchiki.
You released your Zanpakuto
without calling its name.
Does this mean that you--?
And I will surpass you,
Captain Kuchiki.
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
[SHOUTS]
[GROANS]
[GASPING]
Your body has finally
reached its limits.
And unfortunately,
you have run out of time.
You may continue.
But if you choose to do so,
you may die
before you reach Bankai.
Do you still wish to carry
on with training, Ichigo?
Bankai!
[SHRIEKS]
Hihio Zabimaru.
Well, well.
When did you
achieve Bankai?
RENJI:
It figures
you didn't know,
you who have no time for even
your own subordinates.
I'll say it
once again.
I'm going now
to save Rukia.
I've already given
you my answer to that.
RENJI:
Very well.
If you won't let me pass...
I'll kill you and step over
your corpse.
Unlikely.
With your ability,
you will find it impossible
to make me
fall on even one knee.
[SHOUTING]
[SHRIEKS]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
[SHRIEKING]
I see.
Its power is truly
at the level of Bankai.
Nonetheless,
it isn't enough.
Scatter. Senbonzakura.
[EXPLOSION]
[♪♪♪]
RENJI:
Senbonzakura, 1,000 blades,
each too small
for the eye to see.
When the blades fly, they
turn and reflect the sunlight,
resembling 1,000
flower petals falling.
I know it all too well.
Unfortunately for you,
my sword's joints
are connected
by my spirit energy.
Your blades can't
cut through them.
[♪♪♪]
Just now, I disconnected
all of the joints.
And then, I scattered
them deliberately
in order to counter
your 1,000 blades.
Does that
surprise you, Captain?
I already told you, I can
see every one of your blades!
[GRUNTS]
RENJI:
What do you know?
I got you
down on your knee.
And now I'm going
to defeat you.
I think it's time
to bring down the curtain
on the struggle between us,
Byakuya Kuchiki.
BYAKUYA:
You want to bring
down the curtain, huh?
Very well.
Then down
it's going to come.
And the blade
of my sword will do it.
Your sword!
The sword that ends
this will be mine!
[SHOUTS]
[♪♪♪]
Hado 33.
[GRUNTS]
Sokatsui.
[RENJI GRUNTING]
RENJI:
He's discarded the incantation.
Can he really do this much
damage with a mid-level Kido
without the spirit chant?
RENJI:
I see you.
Are you really foolish
enough to think
you could hide from me
with such a simple trick?
[♪♪♪]
RENJI:
Damn it. I lost control.
You're the foolish one,
Renji.
I didn't release my Kido
in order to obscure
my movements from you.
I did it to interrupt
the rhythm of your Bankai.
[GRUNTS]
BYAKUYA:
The weakness of Bankai
lies in its sheer size
and the overwhelming
power it releases.
It goes far beyond the
abilities of any normal weapon.
It is for that reason
that it is said,
"One must train for 10 years
after learning Bankai
in order to control it
completely."
Renji, you are not ready
to use your Bankai in battle.
[GRUNTING]
I don't need
your lectures.
I already knew
all of that
when I came here
in the first place.
Luckily for me, though,
my Zanpakuto is not only big,
it's also strong enough
to lose some segments
and still
keep on fighting!
Bakudo 61.
Rikujokoro.
RENJI:
Aah. Damn.
[♪♪♪]
Put down your sword,
and you may yet live.
Unless you still have some
hopeless idea about winning.
[GRUNTING]
In case you've forgotten, or if
perhaps it didn't occur to you,
I'll remind you, Renji,
that I, too, have Bankai.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
BYAKUYA:
Bankai.
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪]
Scatter.
Senbonzakura Kageyoshi.
[GASPING]
BYAKUYA:
A thousand blades
rise from the ground.
With their scattering,
infinitely
more blades then rise.
Impossible to know
their numbers.
Impossible to even read their
path, much less avoid them.
Nothing to do but watch,
as one watches the wind pass,
and wait for the blades
to pass through you.
One can do nothing
but stand there, frozen,
and then be swept away
from this world.
Shall I tell you the
difference between you and I?
It's class.
It's like the story
of the monkey
trying to capture
the moon.
No matter how
he struggles,
it's just the moon's reflection
on the water he sees.
So he only sinks
into the water.
Time after time,
the monkey sinks.
Your fang could never hope
to actually reach me. Never.
But be proud, proud of the fact
that you were failed
by this blade, yet you
still retain a human form.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
BYAKUYA:
So you can
still breathe.
[CONTINUED GASPING]
BYAKUYA:
Do not move.
You will only
hasten your death.
RENJI [GASPING]:
It's not over.
It's
not over.
I can still fight.
Didn't you hear me?
I told you not to move.
[SHOUTS]
Huh?
[CONTINUES GASPING]
I must compliment you.
Though you received
my Bankai, you still live
and even wish
to continue fighting.
However, do not try
to stand up again.
If you do, this blade will
carve you into pieces.
That I promise you.
[CONTINUES GASPING]
BYAKUYA:
You must have noticed by now
that your Bankai is gone.
When one's Bankai
disappears
without the permission
of its master,
it means that the master's time
of death draws near.
Soon enough, now, you
will begin to fade away.
So I shall ask you
this one more time.
Will you at long last give up
this foolish dream of yours,
of saving Rukia?
[♪♪♪]
RENJI:
I-- I can't breathe.
His spiritual pressure
alone is tearing me apart.
I can't even
move my fingers.
In the end, this man and I,
we're too far apart...
after all.
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪]
Can you still stand
and continue, Ichigo?
[GASPS]
[CHUCKLES]
Heh, heh.
Of course I can.
Hm?
ICHIGO:
Because I swore.
RENJI:
I swore that I'd save her.
You swore this?
You swore
it to whom?
RENJI:
No one.
ICHIGO:
I just swore it.
I just swore it!
RENJI: To myself!
ICHIGO: To myself!
[♪♪♪]
IKKAKU:
You want to be stronger
than Byakuya Kuchiki?
You've set yourself
an impossible goal.
IZURU:
You'd better just stay
away from her from now on.
She understands
the situation, too.
She knows that she's
different from the rest of us.
YUMICHIKA:
It's for your own good.
And for hers, too.
It's a shame, but, well,
it's kind of complicated.
But it's always a lot easier
to let something fall apart
than it is to try
to hold it together.
[♪♪♪]
[SCREAMING]
[GASPING]
Damn it.
[GRUNTS]
Congratulations.
Very admirable.
That time, your fang
definitely reached me.
[♪♪♪]
Renji.
[GASPS]
Impossible.
Until just now when it
faded, it was so powerful,
I couldn't tell whose
spiritual pressure that was.
It was Renji.
Renji! Why--
Why'd you do it?
Renji!
Huh?
[GASPS]
Good morning.
How are you today,
Rukia dear?
Ichimaru.
Gin.
[LAUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
IKKAKU:
Here are the rules
of Squad 11.
One, your Zanpakuto must
be a direct attack type.
YUMICHIKA:
One, if you must die,
die gloriously in a fight.
YACHIRU:
One, obey the lieutenant's
orders at all costs.
IKKAKU & YUMICHIKA: Wait.
YACHIRU: Complaints, shiny duo?
IKKAKU & YUMICHIKA:
Hey, no giving us
stupid nicknames!